hey this is pm dinner here i'm a b2b
marketer through and through
and uh for this specific webinar i
recorded
i talked about your marketing mindset
and how would that benefit
your career development and the career
promotions so
in this webinar i talk about what is the
marketing mindset
and how can you benefit from that and
how would that impact in terms of
what everything you do uh in marketing
and the third i talk about how that
marketing
mindset can lead to additional career
opportunities and a promotion
so watch the video and let me know what
you think well
happy new year
[Laughter]
all of you are probably happy to let
2020 go
and now 2021 is here and it has been
what uh 14 days so far
well you know what is not going on the
right start
at least in the us but i'm very hopeful
i'm very hopeful so hopefully after 20th
everything will calm down and we will
see
we'll see so if you are new to my
webinar
just want to do a quick intro pam dinner
here i'm a b2b marketer through and
through i love b2b marketing and that's
what i do every day
and i wrote three books and global
content marketing effective sales
enablement and the modern ai marketer
if you are interested and scale your
content across the region
check out the global content marketing
and effective sales enablement is really
about
how to enable sales as a marketer and
the modern ai marketer is a little nice
ebook talking about artificial
intelligence impact
in the overall b2b marketing landscape
if you are interested in any of these
books check them
out i work very closely with the
marketing teams
in terms of the sales and marketing
alignments and i'm doing that through
the content marketing account-based
marketing and sales enablement
and through one-on-one coaching with a
lot of seasoned and the professional
marketers and i do a lot of workshops
you know and also my own webinar
like this so welcome and thank you so
much for coming to my webinar
today i use a lot of gifs
for my webinar and you're gonna see some
of that
the things i want to share with you and
it's a little bit about personal journey
to be honest with you and i want to talk
about the marketing mindset and the
career opportunities
this is one quote i want to share with
you before i share that with you
you know you're probably thinking
marketing mindset and career
opportunities are they even
related are they totally different
and what are the connection between
these two
if there's any right but before i dive
that
in depth this specific quote i really
really liked
and i want to share that with you
thoughts are behaviors
we haven't learned to observe yet
so i want you to keep that in mind how
many times that you have
a thought that pop into your mind and
say you know what
i have a craving you know for hamburger
or i am hungry and then that thought
comes to your mind and the next things
that you know without you noticing or
even being aware of it you kind of just
walk
down you know walk down to the kitchen
and open the refrigerator
right and that happened to me multiple
times like for example i want something
and without thinking the consequence
of that thought i already took action
right so be aware that the thinking or
the thoughts
are the behaviors that sometimes we are
just not aware of it we don't
see it as a behavior but we see but
because it's in our mind
right so thoughts are behaviors we
haven't learned to
observe yet and
what is the mindset the mindset is a
collection
of the thoughts and beliefs that shape
your thought be habit
and the thought habits will actually
guide in terms of how you think
what you feel and the what to do
subconsciously
so your mindset does impact how you
perceive
the world around you marketing mindset
there are two things i want to share
with you
actually there's a book there's a book
about everything just like this app
about everything there's a book about
mindset it was written by carol dweck
and the mindset the new psychology of
success
how we can learn to fulfill our
potential
and she talked about the two different
types of mindset the fixed mindset and
the growth mindset the fixed mindset is
basically saying you know what
my destiny is determined the minute i
was born
talent alone creates success there's not
much i can do about it if i don't have
talent
oh well right the growth mindset
basically say
telling is only a starting point is not
the end point
any kind of capabilities that you want
to develop over a period of time you can
do it through hot works and dedications
from my perspective this is somewhere a
balance between the two i do
believe talents can take you a long way
i can never be tiger woods for example i
can never be
you know roger federer for dare because
i don't have that specific talent that
embedded talent that come with it but
however if i work hard
and i play i can be a very decent or
competency golfer
or a tennis player that i can enjoy
as my hobby so i i personally think i
think telling is very very important
but really depends on what your
expectation of
what your talent would take you does
that make sense so you need to actually
set expectation also with your
whatever talent you have but at the same
time the hard works and dedication does
matter
that with that growth mindset it
impacts in terms of how you do marketing
and
and also career developments let me show
you the connections
the connection is if you have a growth
mindset that will guide
your marketing efforts and whatever you
do
in terms of your marketings you do it
well you didn't do it that well
the result is going to show right and
that result is going to reflect on how
you
how you do as a part of your job which
is your job performance
your job performance then will impact
your career promotion
so did you see the difference from the
growth mindset
the mindset that you need to have down
to how you will think
about the career promotion and i want to
talk about that
how you be um actively
be aware of what you do in marketing
and then the document your success or
your
accomplishment so you're learning and to
translate that
into how you look ahead for your career
promotions how you want to discuss that
with your manager
or your career development with that
being said
your marketing mindset is a big deal
right and there are three types of
mindset i want to talk to you about
it's not necessary like you are doing
the the email marketing right now and
you say okay i need to have an email
marketing mindset
all right i'm doing seo i need to have a
seo mindset no i'm talking a little bit
a high level than that when i'm talking
about the marketing mindset you need to
focus on three things
the understanding of your customers and
how to make a plan strategic all right
so it's strategic planning mindset
the other one you need to pay attention
to is the technologies and execution
and i want to talk about all three in
the mindset like i said it's not
something that you need to you are like
consciously aware but it's something
that you need to build
over a period of time and i want to
share this as a personal experience
i am not let me say that one more time i
am not
a marketer from the get-go i was a cpa
which is certified public accountant if
you live outside the us
so i was account i was accountant that
was my career when i started
so i studied finance and accounting in
college
when i get my master's when i got my
master's degree is again financed
accounting
i have no marketing background i took
one marketing course
literally in college that's it and look
at me
do i look like a marketer to you
[Laughter]
so marketing was never something that i
feel that i will i would have a career
then i joined a company i work in the
copic world in that company they
actually encourage people to move around
so i started as a finance and accounting
moved to operations moved to supply and
chair management i was on manufacturing
floor for a little while
and then a marketing managers uh i'm
sorry a manager of mine that worked
closely with me
moved into operations of marketing
department
asked me if i wanted to join him that's
how i got started in the marketing
so when i started marketing i literally
was at least 10 or 15 years
later than any seasoned marketing
professional
i was late i was 10 years late
right so everything i learned in
marketing is intentional
and purposeful and i started with
a certain frame of mindset that's what i
want to share with you
does that make sense so i just want to
make sure you are aware of what you do
if you are seasoned marketers or if you
have done marketing for a long time
basically marketing is in your
in your blood you kind of know how to do
it
but what i'm trying to say is kind of
remind you can you
wake yourself up a little bit and
thinking about
in terms of and then be a third party
like on the sideline
observe your own thinking how you reach
a certain decision the way you reach
that decision
okay so with that being said let's talk
about customer understanding
a customer-centric mindset if you're
constantly thinking about customers
your thinking will or your con
subconscious will gently nudge you
to think about your customers needs
you will be thinking about who are my
customers
why do they need to talk to us what
their needs are
how can i help them what else can i do
right so for me my target audience are
b2b marketers
so i have a conversation with eva all
the time
hey b2b marketers what do they need
how can i contribute what can i share
right however for a long time
for longest time i am
product centric i'm more company-centric
right i want to talk about my product
hey
why are our products great let's talk
about that
how can i pitch to them what product
what can i say to pitch to them
right what can i say to them so they can
buy right away
you know that's nothing there's nothing
wrong with those statements
right what else can i say about my
product they are all good
those are good questions i'm not saying
don't ask that
but when you are constantly thinking
about how you want to sell
what the product that you want to talk
about that will be only thing you will
be talking about
okay so here
your mindset will drive how you write
your content how you approach your
marketing
and this is a very obvious statement i
want to share with you
in the past i will write we have 300
engineers dedicated to
delivering solutions with highest
performance
and optimal protection how many times
you see statements like that
right so that comes from the mindset of
a product
and a company hey we have 300 engineers
guess what
we deliver the best products great
but if you actually have a customer
mindset this is how you would write that
statement
our 300 engineers are focused
on protecting your data
by working closely with customers to
deliver next generation solution
so did you see the statements how is
written we are all talking about the 300
years
300 engineers are doing a fantastic job
for you but how you write
it coming from what kind of mindset that
you have
is that helpful so this is just one
level i want to share with you
in terms of your mindset will drive how
you write the content
now let's take it one more level up
okay when you have a certain kind of
mindset
especially customer-centric mindset it
will start
trickling down to a very specific key
marketing elements
tangible tangible stuff that you do
if you have that mindset about customers
and tricks then you when you
approach the buyer's persona you're
going to write it a little bit
differently
when you are looking to the content
creation and copywriting
you're going to do a little bit
differently just like the previous slide
i share with you when you are looking
for
pay search and organic search rather
than you know
product specific keywords you were
thinking about how they actually
write phrases or the keywords that they
are going to use
again that also touch on editorial and
also the customer journey
mapping does that make sense so what i'm
trying to say is
that your mindset how you think
impact what you do and that reflected
on the key marketing elements that you
create on regular
basis but that doesn't mean you should
not be
company centric that doesn't mean you
should not be product centric
after all we are hired by a company
they paid our salary the way that you
need to think about that
is not about product it's about
strategic planning
so when you are thinking about any kind
of planning
in general any kind of planning you do
internally marketing plan media plans
even planning they are all internal
documentation
because they are internal documentation
you need to make sure you get
feedback from your management from your
stakeholders
so the street the strategic planning is
really more
inward thinking all right
the customer centric is more external
facing you are thinking about the
customers you want to serve
but the product specific type of mindset
should be
weaved should be embedded into the
strategic planning type of mindset
is that helpful does anybody understand
if you do
kind of say yes i do then that will
impact the flow and the elements of your
annual marketing plan or any marketing
plan that you do
and the most important thing about
strategic planning is now you do it on
your own
you need to get feedback from your
management you need to get feedback from
your stakeholders
their feedback will weave and
incorporate
you will incorporate that into the
overall
annual planning and then the mindset
usually come from
you have to digest internalize
that their feedback some of their
feedback was like
i'm not 100 agree with it you need to
have that judgment call
you cannot take all their feedback 100
you need to have a judgment call on some
stuff that valid makes a lot of sense
some of stuff is just purely noise they
are just saying it for the sake of
seeing it
okay so you need to be able to have you
need to have ability to differentiate
that
by the way and then
that feedback that inward or that
internal information you need to balance
that with the customer saying trick
so when i was talking to uh several when
i'm coaching several seasoned
uh marketing professional they are
struggling
and i totally agree because because i
can see it they say well pam
you know if i'm always customer-centric
that means i cannot take into account my
company's needs no that's not
necessarily true
it's how you balance that right it's
always a fine balance between the two
right so the strategic planning mindset
impact the overall strategic part and so
that mindset will guide certain
tangible elements of marketing
your marketing objectives your
strategies
how you prioritize the key initiatives
that you have to do right and then
second thing is the head count and the
budget
allocation if you
have the affinity with the pay media
and that's your expertise you will
notice
all the questions you ask tend to relate
to pay media
if you have done email marketing inside
and out and
a lot of time your marketing plan good
portion of it
tend to be focused on email marketing
and that's a human nature
right so we know what we know we don't
know what we don't know
and we create a plan based on what we
know and the knowledge that we have
but you need to be aware of it
okay and so that will drive the head
count and the budget application
also like i said the channel
optimization most importantly
is the success metrics and the key
performance
indicator right that mindset will help
you
understand or determine what are some of
the key indicators that you want to
measure
your success and that is super critical
because that set up in terms of
how you can describe and articulate
your success when you have a
conversation
in terms with your manager about
promotion or future career
opportunities okay the kpi and success
can translate as a part of your resume
and i will talk a little bit more about
that
later
the next one i want to talk about is
execution mindset
right so i talk about think about the
customers
and i talk about uh strategic planning
this one is i'm sorry it's time to get
done
it's about like when you get stuff done
right
so with that what are some of the key
elements that related to the execution
and technology mindset it's really
the technology stack or technology
sourcing
what are the technology that you're
going to use to make you successful
and also once you build the things get
complicated in digital marketing is
when you buy your technology the
technology is all by itself right there
but how to use it you need to build the
processes
you need to build the workflow okay
and then of course once you build the
processes you will build a workflow
there's a project management elements
that come with it right
and uh another thing that uh tend to
puzzle
or create a challenge for a lot of
seasoned
a business professional is for example
for the marketing the centerpiece of the
the technology tend to be marketing
automation
on the sale size the centerpiece of the
technology tends to be cim
so when you are looking at execution
especially on the backend how data will
flow
one point to another you need to start
thinking about the relationships
between the marketing automation and the
cim
okay that by itself it's a completely
different mindset i'm still learning
over a period of time
in terms of how back and works if i can
attest to that
because i use i spent a lot of money
um on technology just for my business
and uh literally almost 10 percent
uh of my uh uh i would say revenue
actually go to technology i try
different technology and check how
things
work and it's very expensive so but if
you work in the company
take that opportunity to understand how
technology work in the back end it's
going to help you
tremendously and of course analytics and
i also tie with the kpi
so let me show you okay in terms of how
to take the execution
in a more tangible type of manner
right you're like execution okay pam i'm
doing the
seo so i'm just do seo right and i use
uh
um same rush and that's my tool i kind
of know my process
so execution it is but
when i'm talking about execution is if
you do seo
seo by itself in the past
let me start it again in the past if you
are telling me you do media buy
that media buy which is a skill set of
its own or discipline can stand alone
okay i do media buy great and if you do
events
in the past physical events physical
that physical event that marketing
discipline or the marketing knowledge
can stand alone
you don't have to talk to a lot of
people because they do events
nowadays in a digital world
every things are connected to some
extent okay they
are connected if you are doing organic
search
right you have to understand how people
you also have to understand what kind of
content we are creating
so that can maximize all the organic
search that you do
and you also need to think through like
if we do paste search
the organic search also and the page
search are somehow complement to each
other
and if you do organic search you know
the keywords that people search
well guess what you probably can provide
feedback into the website
and also website copy so just
one disciplines i mentioned which is
organic search it touched like
multiple different other areas and they
are all related
does that make sense so when you are
taught when i'm talking about execution
mindset it's like
oh my god just do my job i'm executing
but i want you to think about how you
are doing
that actually relate to other marketing
functions and appears
that you can provide additional feedback
okay so i have a doubt just one second
yes spam we do have one question from
sree
he says i have doubt from strategic
planning mindset guides
what are the elements of a general
annual marketing plan
excellent i actually did a webinar about
that so see you kind of missed it
there's the seven key elements and the
marketing plans
all right i talked about it and neither
probably can attest to it
and the siri i cannot talk about the
seven elements at this time
um i actually have a youtube video
uh three videos each one of them is
eight minutes long
eva can you actually add that uh the the
youtube links to
the to the the chart uh right away
to the chat and that theory
and at the same time i created a blog
post
talking about seven elements in terms of
what needs to be included into a
marketing uh plan
so siri if this is the first time you
attend my webinar i usually talk about
very tangible things that marketers can
do
so wait for a minute uh that if i can
share that information with you
it's just unfortunate i cannot cover the
seven elements to it but i have answered
for you
all right good question
thank you for asking really appreciate
it when i talk about execution i said
you know a lot of people are very
much like hey this is what i do and i
execute
but i want you to think a little bit
differently in terms of execution
here is what i want you to think about
so this
is basically you can see this as a
process this can be a customer journey
can also be a process and a workflow so
i'm working with a client
specifically about matchmaking so they
actually have tons of customers
some customers are builders some can
build systems and some customers
um are buyers they want to buy a certain
kind of solution
so the sales people has been thinking
about you know what we have so many
different customers and we know them
very very well
a lot of time we can also do some
matchmaking for them like if
a certain customers that really are
looking to build something
and you also know a customer that
actually have that capability you want
to
match make them does that make sense
so we are looking into how do we do the
matchmaking for the sales people
right so right here is it's a customer
journey we are looking from buyers and
sellers perspective
right in terms of sales need to make a
recommendation to the buyer and sellers
and uh then if they enter into a system
they will receive a welcome email
and then when they receive a welcome
email they enter their
information into the system and then
because there's a select buyers and uh
on seller uh buyers and sellers let's
create some sort of e-catalog to help
them find each other
right so and when they find each other
and um
help them to find each other and then
they actually have some sort of virtual
events that people can register
and then the sales will coordinate the
meetings with them
and the artificial intelligence features
on that platform can also make a
recommendation of buy and sellers to
meet
and then when things when that day the
meeting happened
and then there's a follow-up this is the
execution
in a different format so when i'm
talking about execution
it's not just you do your job it's the
specific initiative that you do
can you articulate it so well that
people can see
in terms of what happened at the same
time i write down
what are the stages that the sales force
needs to be integrated with that
specific platform
the data needs to be flow from one to
another
does that make sense so when i'm
thinking about
when i'm thinking about the execution
i'm thinking
about not just do your job and do your
job well
it's just a matter of how you connect a
different dots
and understand the workflow and the
processes does that make sense
so that's one thing i want to share with
you when you are thinking about
execution especially in the big
initiative
can you articulate in the flow that
people can understand
can you actually see how different
technologies work together
okay so if you have the customer-centric
mindset
strategic planning and also the ability
to think execution
then over a period of time over a period
of time doesn't happen
overnight it's kind of like the the
malcolm gladwell's book the outlier
right uh you need what 10 000 hours
to master a specific skill set so when
you start having that specific
mindset and you are very intentional
about it
right and over a period of time you will
start
you will start to understand your
customer a little better
then you tend to focus on in terms of
how their journey will look like when
they purchase your product
you craft a marketing plan with the
results in mind which is your key
performance indicators
and you know that if you really want to
track results you need to monitor it
right then you start understanding how
different things are working together
right the connecting the dots because of
that mindset
and if you started very intentional and
purposeful about it
slowly you will become more well-rounded
in terms of your marketing skill set you
will will
all of a sudden you will become a little
bit more strategic not just focus on the
tasks that you do
and you will become more results driven
because you are so aware of it you will
know
if you are doing well or not you will
okay i am so aware in terms of my
marketing
effort eva and i talk about it what we
need to do
and how we need to improve on regular
basis i become very
well am i doing a good job when i'm
doing a shitty job
all right sometimes you know i try
something it's just not working very
well
right so i become very much aware what
things that tend to work what doesn't
work and i have data to support that
and with that being said when you are
doing well and you know
you are doing well you will start
quantifying the impact
that you made you will start showcase
yourself
that you can think strategically right
you will
you will start actually demonstrate that
you have certain kind of tenacity to get
things done
because you know you are doing well all
of a sudden reflect on your confidence
that you can do your job
then you that mindset will somehow lead
to
hey guess what i deserve something
better
then you will start thinking about i
want a promotion
then you will start thinking about hmm i
may need to explore
other opportunities does that make sense
that mindset
will help you it does so when i was
learning marketing
intentionally like i said i was 10 15
years later than
everybody else right and when i
initially the first two or three years
very painful because i didn't know
anything somebody told me copy i swear
to god i did not know what copy
was it was that bad right
so i make a very intentional learning
and over a period of time
over about seven years i was confident
enough and say you know what i can
actually write a book about it
but that's an intentional effort right
so
proactively seeking your promotions
explore career opportunity
if you work in an enterprise and there
are many
a position around you and you have a
good manager to start with
you can proactively initiate the
promotion discussion
you can tell your manager very frankly
and openly and say i want a promotion
tell me what can i do to get there how
can we work together
right so a lot of time for example for
my 20 years
in the corporate world the first several
promotion
i initiated my manager was like pam is
not good enough well let me show you i'm
good enough
right so i initiated i told my manager
loud and clear i want to do it
and it's usually a year of a planning by
the time you share with
the manager that he's aware of it i'm
talking about in enterprise environment
and then they started we started having
conversation we talked about it and uh
he gave me additional
uh uh a scope to show that i can take on
additional work and then it's like a
year of a planning
over a period of time and then he
represented me at the next um
uh a re performance review and hopefully
i
and it's got to be a consensus decision
other my senior manager needs to agree
as well right
so initiate that promotion and this is
actually for enterprise environment if
you work for enterprise you know exactly
what i'm talking about
what if you work for a smaller company
or a one-person marketing team
how do you look for that promotion and
also career development well there are a
couple options
inside and outside right first one is if
your company is growing
maybe you can pitch that you need to
expand your one person marketing team
you hire either agency and contractor or
you hire additional full-time
that's also growth does that make sense
so you are managing more people
the other one is can you pitch and to
the founders and ceo
that you become a senior staff just like
them right so you expand
your marketing role to other different
marketing uh other different company
functions
right i actually know several um
vp of marketing in a very small company
they are not just the
the vp of marketing they also coo right
they do a lot of operations
and i also know another uh vp of sales
and uh because it's a smaller company
and he also does marketing
right so can you grow your job and grow
some responsibility
and that's obviously within the company
and the other one that you can do is you
look for promotion outside the company
because now you know you are good you
know that you can deliver
uh i think it's a very good question at
this part of the
conversation i love it amy yes amy
wonsky
she asks are there transferable skills
between marketing jobs
and other industries like what can i
pull in from previous experience or see
if i have the skills for a different
area excellent question i want to
address that even though i only got 15
minutes amy that's a fantastic question
and um just like i said and share with
everybody
that uh i do not start with marketing
from the get go
and i move on i move around to probably
five or six different job if you think
about finance accounting
that's different than say
operations and that's different than
beyond the manufacturing floor doing
supply chain
management and that's different from
marketing and
what i have found and a lot of time when
i was interviewing for a different job
i always talk about the skill sets
that's transferable
from one uh one um
functions to another for example results
driven
if you are results driven it doesn't
matter ui marketing
or you are in hr that's a skill set
that's transferable
okay that's the first the second thing
is
uh the you you can actually
communicate very well your communication
skills
it doesn't matter it's a verbal or also
a writing skill
you communicate very very well you can
articulate
very well in terms of your ideas and
other people's ideas even though you
move into a very technical companies
because once you start understand some
of the technical knowledge
and you can articulate that the
communication skill is also transferable
another thing is uh analytics and the
planning
if you know how to do analytics for
example when i was a cpa we have to do a
lot of analytic work we have to work
with numbers
working with numbers in the in the
finance and accounting field actually
helped me tremendously
in terms of managing budget in marketing
does that make sense
so i agree with you that like for
example seo
that's a skill that only for marketing i
cannot translate that
or transfer that to say manufacturing
okay unless they put a website together
right
so there are certain marketing
disciplines specifically to marketing
but certain kind of skill set that you
have in terms of communication
strategic planning and um
and your affinity or how you do your
jobs
and that can be transferable does that
make sense
so amy we can talk a little bit more
feel free to ask me questions at
my facebook community by the way amy is
a part of my facebook communities build
your marketing skills to get ahead which
is right here
uh if you have any specific questions
come to my marketing
come to my facebook communities i answer
all the questions uh personally
right so that's one but let's go back in
terms of
uh talking about resume writing so if
you are looking for different jobs
and uh outside the company you need to
actually quantify your marketing
contribution
and when i say your marketing
contribution is not write something like
oh i manage the email marketing
campaigns
i launched 25 email campaigns in six
months and
average uh opening rate of that email
campaign is 40
versus industry a benchmark of 10
that by itself is results driven but
that's not as strong as
what is the ex nql marketing qualified
leads that you get
from your email campaign as a result of
your effort
so when you are quantifying your
marketing contribution you need to think
a little bit differently and this is
very serious by the way
group web traffic by 70 to 1 million
views per month in three years without
budget increase
right even though you are doing email
marketing can you talk about
how much website traffic that you are
driving
right and you you do product launches
let them manage
seven major product launches with 100
media write-ups and
each launch enable 50 design wins that
doesn't mean that you did that
by yourself right but you actually
contributed to that
you don't you didn't talk about your job
specifically but you talk about what the
outcome of your job
right how you did it make peak the
hiring manager's interest and say oh you
know what
how did amy do that maybe i should talk
to amy about this
right so you are not describing how you
describe the outcome
of the how directly impact sales with
120 high qualified uh sales qualified
leads that resulted in 10 million
dollars of revenue contribution
again you didn't talk about you're doing
email marketing you're talking about
the outcome of the email marketing does
that make sense
that's how you need to quantify your
marketing contribution on your resume
it's very important does that mean you
have to write every single
bullet points on your resume like this
no you don't
but you need to actually have one or two
that
peak people's interest when they read
okay good good good facebook community i
talk about that
so the growth mindsets and the positive
mindsets
guys you in terms of now i'm talking
about how you need to strategize your
marketing approach
so siri thank you for asking the
question in terms of marketing planned
and you can see that in terms of the
videos and also the blog posts i wrote i
wrote in for seven key elements of
marketing plan
quantifying your contribution think in
terms of results
what is the outcome of your efforts
and the ask questions anytime anybody
was asking questions today
yay and the right with results in mind
this is very critical
right with results in mind and
communicate that
from a customer's perspective
when i was in the co-brand and that's a
company
called intel and uh one of the i was
uh i was fortunate to join the company
uh the and the
intel of the a very legendary ceo andy
grove
not probably not a lot of millennials
knows that name anymore
but it was actually a
legendary founder of intel and that
he was asked at one of our employee
forums you know
several employees asked the question
how can intel help them to develop their
career over a period of time i mean it's
a fair question there are certain things
that a big company can do to actually
give you
training give you a skill set to make
you become the asset of the company
and he was very blunt he basically said
you own your employability
you have to charter your own path the
company can give you training the
company
company can give you a different job
opportunities but you
own that right so you own your
employability
in terms of your career development that
has a lot to do
trust me mindset i was able to do what
i'm doing right now that's because i
have very intentional and the purpose
mindset
in terms of how the marketing should be
and i think about that
all the time so it starts with the right
marketing mindset i didn't say that joey
does joey did that okay so with that
being said i just want to share with you
that a lot of stuff that i offer i do
speaking which is online speaking i do
keynote workshop training and webinar
like this
and i also do one-on-one uh mentoring
and coaching and that has a lot to do
with
uh i tend to work with enterprise
marketers and
more seasoned professionals but
sometimes um i mentored
uh um a young professional as well but
like i said if you have any specific
question
ask that on my facebook community i'll
make an effort to answer that and more
than happy to do so
any kind of content marketing sales
enablement account based marketing if
that's something that your company does
need some help
reach out anytime so thoughts
are behaviors we haven't learned to
observe yet
and uh my quote or key takeaway from
today is learn to observe your own
marketing thoughts
it's actually very important once you
start observing them you were like why
do i think that way
you know how should i make that change
it will give you some ideas in terms of
what you need to do differently
so cultivate your mindset and
purposefully unfortunately i will not
have webinared
in february frankly i actually already
have the topic decided
due to a personal reason i will not be
able to do it in february
in march um i will be talking about how
to create a content marketing strategy
from both
sales and the marketing sides so march
please join us for the webinar
and um we will actually send out the
email as well
uh you can subscribe to my email to get
updates
i don't bomb people with email trust me
if i have something to say
i will send out the email if i don't
have anything to say you are not going
to hear from me
i hope you enjoy the webinar like i said
if you have a very
purposeful and intentional marketing
mindset you will
actually create magic in terms of you
start becoming aware of
how you think about marketing and what
you do
and that will also impact in terms of
how you see your career development
and the promotion so good luck with that
if you
like this webinar subscribe to my
channel i do
this lengthy webinar every single month
almost every single month
also join me on facebook community build
your marketing skills to get ahead
love to see you there take care bye